oh yeah what's up I'm Ethan your real
like English fluency coach and this week
I have a sexy and hilarious
lesson for you from friends in this
scene Monica
teaches Chandler about how to please a
woman if you know what I mean now I know
that this may not be for everybody and
if you're looking for something more
family-friendly I would invite you to
watch this list of lessons right up here
but if you are looking forward to laughs
with this scene then let's continue and
if you're new here please remember to
subscribe because we make new lessons
like this every single week for learners
like you all right so let's jump into
the lesson I love this - she yeah sure
it's not mine anyway came with the pants
I am so jealous you guys are really just
right there aren't you yes right we're
beginning where you know it's all sex
and talking and sex and talking yeah you
you gotta love the talking and the sex
all right we haven't had sex yet David
what's the big deal you know this is
special and I want our love to grow
before we move on to the next level
Chandler that is so nice that is really
nice
like way is that the reason why just
because you're not mature enough to
understand something like that now he's
right I'm totally lying what is it
well Kathy's last boyfriend was Joey and
you're afraid you won't be able to fill
his shoes no I'm afraid I won't be able
to make love as well as him yeah I was
going for the metaphor yes and I was
saying the actual words
well big deal so Joey's had a lot of
girlfriends it doesn't mean that he's
great in bed we share a wall so either
he's great in bed or she just like to
agree with him a lot sweet even Theo
it's gonna be different the sex is gonna
be great cuz you you guys are in love
yeah yeah just go for it Chandler yes
all right all right I'll sleep with my
girlfriend I'm just doing it for you
guys so good to do it yes yes we had the
sex uh it was bad it was fine you know
but she didn't agree with me as strongly
as she agreed with Joey
she was more like I see your point I'm
not always a lot of agreement the first
time yeah not for girls anyway guys
agree like that look you have to help me
okay I mean I know what to do with a
woman you know I know where everything
goes it's always nice but I need to know
what makes it go from nice to my god
somebody's killing her in there all
right I'm gonna show you something a lot
of guys don't know right to me that
perhaps he's mmm
now what you don't have to draw an
actual whoop whoa she's hot everybody
knows the basic erogenous zone yeah one
two three four
[Music]
there's that's one hmm I have an
important one
oh you know you know what I was looking
at it upside down well you know
sometimes that helps okay thanks guys
we'll hit one two three and then go to
seven and set up camp that's bad
well if you go to Disneyland you don't
spend the whole day on the Matterhorn or
anything like seven all right the
important thing is to take your time you
want to hit them all and you want to mix
them up you got to keep them on their
toes
Oh toes
yes for some people
all right you could start out with a
little one A two A one two three a three
five four three two two a two four six
two four six four two two four seven
five seven six seven seven seven
I love this tushy oh yeah sure it's not
mine anyway came with the pants Oh tushy
informal word for persons Botox or ass
it came with the pants
these two are joking here Kathy says
that she loves
Chandler's ass so much that she wishes
she could take it to work although this
is obviously impossible he jokes back
saying that she can have it because it
came with the pants when we say
something comes with something it means
that it is included for free when you
buy that thing example McDonald's Happy
Meals always come with a toy I am so
jealous jealous feeling angry because
someone else has something you'd like to
have example he's jealous of my new car
yeah you gotta love the talking you
gotta love something casual way of
saying you like or love something we
oftentimes leave out you example god I
love camping with friends on a nice
starry night way is that the reason no
way used to say that something is
impossible or as an emphatic way of
saying no example no way we're coming
back to this awful restaurant why just
because you're not mature enough to
understand something like that adjective
plus enough to do something we use
enough after an adjective or adverb or a
verb to say that something doesn't have
the necessary amount or degree to do
something example although he's a great
player he isn't tall enough to play on
an NBA team what is it what is it what
is it
this is another way to ask what's wrong
or what's the problem example what is it
honey
why can't you sleep and you're afraid
you won't be able to fill his shoes no
I'm afraid I won't be able to make love
as well as him
yeah I was going for the metaphor yes
and I was saying the actual words fill
someone's shoes to do the job that
someone used to do or to take someone's
place or position example his son is
going to fill his shoes as CEO when he
retires actual used to emphasize that
you are referring to something real or
genuine example these are actual Nike
shoes and not some counterfeit ones like
you thought
just a quick interruption guys we here
at real life English and learning ish
with TV love making fun hilarious
lessons for this for learners like you
so please support these fun lessons by
hitting the like button below and
subscribing so that we can send you the
newest ones alright let's jump into the
rest of the lesson the sex is gonna be
great because you you guys are in love
just go for it just go for it used to
encourage someone to do something risky
to achieve something example don't think
about too much just go for it and hope
for the best so either he's great in bed
or she just like to agree with him a lot
it was bad it was fine you know but she
didn't agree with me as strongly as she
agreed with Joey she was more like I see
your point I'm alright she liked to
agree with him a lot she didn't agree
with me as strongly
Chandler uses agree as a metaphor for
good sex and so he's expressing his
concern about the fact that Kathy
apparently had a better time in bed with
Joey than with him when someone Gries
they say yes so the joke is that both
someone who was agreeing a lot and
someone who was enjoying intercourse
would both say yes a lot no were you
strongly with disagree for emphatic
purposes for example I strongly disagree
with his political opinion fine but
sometimes we say this to say that
something is good but could be better
example the trip was fine but we got too
many rainy days I see your point used to
say I agree but not without some degree
of doubt however sometimes we use it to
acknowledge some validity in someone's
opinion and then go on to say why we
disagree with them example okay I see
your point but statistics show that gun
control policies are effective in other
countries guys agree like that like that
we say this and snap our fingers to show
that something
happens extremely fast example he's the
best in his English class he learned the
conditionals like that I know what to do
with a woman I know I know what to do
with a woman I'm gonna show you I'm
gonna show you something a lot of guys
don't know oh you know you know what I
was looking at it upside down upside
down with the bottom part on top Rachel
then says sometimes that helps referring
to changing sexual positions most guys
will hit one two three and then go to
seven and set up camp set up camp to put
tents somewhere and stay there for a
while
figuratively this can be used to say
someone stays somewhere for a long time
example I thought his friend was going
to stay over for the night but he set up
camp in his apartment and hasn't left in
over a week
that's bad well if you go to Disneyland
you don't spend the whole day on the
Matterhorn
the Matterhorn an amusement park ride at
Disneyland in California you want to hit
them all
you want to hit them all and you want to
mix them up and you want to mix them up
and you want to mix them up you got to
keep them on their toes toes keep
someone on their toes to make someone to
be alert and ready for sudden changes
example the teacher kept the whole class
on his toes knowing you could get a pop
quiz any day now in this scene Rachel
screams toes because she is relating
this expressions figurative meaning to
the literal meaning that some people are
sexually stimulated when their partner
plays with their feet hi yeah I hope you
have a lot of fun with today's lesson be
sure when you finish the video to go
back and watch that scene again to test
your comprehension and let me ask you a
quick question do you get frustrated
when you can't understand fast speaking
natives well I have a terrific solution
for you we have a free three-part mini
course that teaches you with the
funniest scene
from friends very much like today's
lesson and you can get that not here on
YouTube exclusively by pressing right
here or clicking down in the description
also remember to subscribe because we
make new lessons like this for learners
like you every single week and if you
want to watch another lesson like that
right now why not click here thanks so
much
and remember to go out there and kick
ass with your English oh yeah